NOTE 0): DUE FRIDAY AT NOON. Graders will hold interactive grading Friday starting at Noon.

NOTE 1) First of all, we decided we don’t have time left to do this on Amazon Beanstalk. Time is too short
to learn about that, Docker, hot swapping, and get everything one. You will do this on your machine
and demonstrate it as a team to the Grader on Friday afternoon. Sorry. I’ll try this next time. 

NOTE 2) Help session this Tuesday discussion, where there will be additional revelatory “giveaways”. Don’t
miss it. Missing this last session will leave you with lifelong regrets :-)


I have provided some scaffolding for the last homework in the attached Tarball. 

Essentially you’ll have to do this: 

1) Implement the extended servlet (war file) as Vincent indicated earlier. 

2) Write a swap1.sh  like the given swap2.sh (see the enclosed tarball, in the nginx directory) That does a hot swap.
   It’s the other half of a back-and-forth hot swap. 

3) Really understand all the details of the given files. I WILL ASK questions about this in the final. 
   Be professional about this: read the manuals, look on Stackoverflow, and try to figure out what is going on
    There’s plenty of on-line information. Asking on Piazza (although you’re welcome to ask) should
    be your final step. THere’s a lot of interesting pieces and scripts in the scaffolding tar ball. Make sure
    you understand ALL Of it. 

4) Demonstrate to yourself, and then to us (interactive grading starting noon next friday) that you can
   do hot swaps back forth between the versions (yours and Vincent’s original). At any time, there should
   be only two containers running…the NGINX proxy, and your TOMCAT application. When you do the swap, there
   SHOULD BE NO DOWNTIME. Bring the new one up, forward the NGINX to it, and then kill the old one. 

5) EXTRA CREDIT: WRITE ONE SINGLE SHELL SCRIPT THAT DOES THE SWAP. 50% EXTRA CREDIT, FULL CREDIT ONLY IF THE SHELL
   SCRIPT IS REALLY BULLET PROOF, and WORKS FIRST TIME, EVERY TIME, regardless of how many ever times you try it. 
   Clearly this shell script will run on the host machine, but will reach into the guts of the NGINX docker, and
   make the swap. It’s rather challenging… But Look carefully at the stuff I’ve given you, you can figure it
   out. 


